---
title: Welcome
date: 2021-02-07T19:38:07.134Z
description: Now that you have somehow found yourself on my beautiful website,
  feel free to look around and be impressed. It is nothing short of a
  technological marvel.
---
Hello there awesome human! Or perhaps you are one of our robot overlords from the future, in which case welcome to you too.

Now that you have somehow found yourself on my beautiful website, feel free to look around and be impressed. It is nothing short of a technological marvel.

This website is the result of a lot hard work and dedication. For an hour I scoured the internet, searching for the easiest tool to use. I worked closely with StackOverflow users to deliver efficient solutions to my issue of never having used a static site generator before. It even prompted me to not only build my own static site generator, but my own templating engine as well. Both of which are still very much in their infancy but you can check out both [carpet](https://github.com/georgemunyoro/carpet) (get it? because carpets generate static electricity) and [weave](https://github.com/georgemunyoro/weave) (because it is an integral part of carpet, they are interwoven) on my [github](https://github.com/georgemunyoro).

I kept procrastinating, telling myself that I would build the website in Svelte or React, or whatever new JavaScript framework/library I discovered along the way. Then I came across Jekyll, used it for a while and made a huge mess, abandoned the project, and then finally found [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) a month later and started afresh. I am more than satisfied with it, Hugo is a brilliant piece of tech, but because I am me, I'll be moving the entire site to [carpet](https://github.com/georgemunyoro/carpet) once that's ready.

All in all I've been trying to build my own website for almost 5 years now, and I've finally done it. I feel a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders and replaced with an even larger one, but that this new weight fits more comfortably than the old one, which was starting to sag. Just like my eyes, which are now shutting down as a result of a lack of sleep, and so I will now leave you with this [fortune](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortune_%28Unix%29):

```text
The Tao is like a glob pattern:
used but never used up.
It is like the extern void:
filled with infinite possibilities.

It is masked but always present.
I don't know who built it.
It came before the first kernel.
```